READ ME OPDRACHT 1

Voor opdracht 1 heb ik de volgende case gekozen: In een lijst gevonden studentenhuizen wil 
ik details kunnen bekijken om te bepalen of de kamer geschikt is.

Daarbij zijn de volgende principles te vinden:

Priciples of User Interface Design

4. Keep users in control
Humans are most comfortable when they feel in control of themselves and their environment. 
Thoughtless software takes away that comfort by forcing people into unplanned interactions, 
confusing pathways, and surprising outcomes. Keep users in control by regularly surfacing system status, 
by describing causation (if you do this that will happen) and by giving insight into what to expect at every turn. 
Don't worry about stating the obvious the obvious almost never is.


11. Strong visual hierarchies work best
A strong visual hierarchy is achieved when there is a clear viewing order to the visual elements on a screen. 
That is, when users view the same items in the same order every time. Weak visual hierarchies give little clue 
about where to rest one's gaze and end up feeling cluttered and confusing. In environments of great change it 
is hard to maintain a strong visual hierarchy because visual weight is relative: when everything is bold, nothing 
is bold. Should a single visually heavy element be added to a screen, the designer may need to reset the visual 
weight of all elements to once again achieve a strong hierarchy. Most people don't notice visual hierarchy 
but it is one of the easiest ways to strengthen (or weaken) a design.


Beide komen terug doordat ik een simpel design heb gebruikt, dat voorzichzelf werkt. De boxjes zijn per huis in een
zelde kleur, waardoor er een hierarchy ontstaat. De gebruiker zal weten wat hij moet doen, doordat alle handelingen
het zelfde zijn. Daarnaast is er een duidelijke button aanwezig waar "meer informatie" op staat. Wat de gebruiker zou triggeren om 
deze button te openen en te kijken wat er naar voren komt. Als de gebruiker erop gedrukt heeft, ontstaat er een animatie. Dit
zorgt voor feedback, waardoor de gebruiker weet dat er iets gebeurde door zijn klik. Niet alleen de animatie is te zien, maar ook
de informatie die onder de button verschuilen zat.

Zo zijn er ook geen onaangekondigde interacties en is de gebruiker altijd in control. 

link naar site: http://ta-creations.nl/ta-creations.nl/Frontend%20for%20Designers/Opdracht1-Marielle/
